[Clang][Sema] Fix qualifier restriction of overriden methods (#71696)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  completes (except deduction guides). Fixes:
  (`#59827 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/59827>`_)

> - Clang now reports error when overriden method's non-class return type drops
>   qualifiers, or qualifiers of class return type are not subset of super method's.
>   Fixes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang now reports error when an overriden method's non-class return type drops
  qualifiers, or qualifiers of the class return type are not a subset of the overridden method's.
  Fixes:
```
